Hello, you are watching the old school channel
dimmer my name is sergey and today we
compare two goats 2 forza exclusives
horizon 2 on x-box one i drive club on
playstation 4
drive club I only came out today
benefits went on sale less than a week
back and she's in my exclusive
edition yes ivan and cheap let's
Let's start watching with a portion
own boxed box
Zadie we have such exclusive photos
1 smoked what he glue papers right on
film he gives xbox one t-shirt for
avatar
apparently the word xbox either for
avatars in the game do not know okay yet
save and video remove the film played
together in full in Russian
film
opening the mouth inside the pore disc is not used
what's on the xbox and lounger wheels on the left
parties so they decided too
show off and actually a piece of paper on
back side which is the code and this code
and
own building yes and he gives a set
additional machines are also some more
extra cars gave me for
pre-order with the code that came to me on
mail after ordering in the store
Well, as we know there are so many cars
even more will appear already promised whether
five or 6
dlc 50 cars in each season
pass you can buy well I know here reviews 5
motorsport and there in the end, generally 8 to 10
Ie 80 cars they released
1700 rubles season set at 300 rubles
cheaper than the game itself did not dare prague
buy us don't know the truth and want more
may buy
but it is unlikely I will pass of course because I
I collect a transport for 5 review which
by the way was recently on the channel can
look in my videos and now forza
horizon 2
actually such a building behind us
go beyond the boundaries of the possible
new chapter racing bestseller now
on x-box one
but with this described in the kit and yes
you stick issues against the background of only three
unique car with an exclusive
package for coloring and tuning this ford
fiesta st 2014
dodge challenger srt8 2012
name always with balance a 45 g n g
2014 is such a game such a building
great races recommend
and in opposition to it, respectively, goes to
us drive club 1
exclusive playstation 4 race
which all bag owners will play
waiting for the next part of the gran turismo
as I understand it quite for a network game not
forget to subscribe playstation
plus already simpletons stickers stick on
cover well as you know for free 4 bags
Steve game only works if available
in a hurry the pros that recently went up
in the back we play together
win such slogan appeal
painted cars
Download the free satellite application
for ios android and downloaded
let's open that supsa inside
is 0
Such a formidable film is not torn and not
succumbed to open inside us
because the disk is on the right and normal
proper piece of paper with control and
playstation plus advertising as well, such
building as you can see on the consoles of the new
generation on manuals saves nothing
pantry adequate piece of paper
actually here only on playstation
only on and lesbos great rabbi
set you can compare the quality and pictures
Physics What is better? Not better. Pay.
by the way attention
identical with design 6 plus 6 plus
for children over 6 years old
in fact here are two I gonochki
there appeared
probably take a lot of time to look
Considering that Alice has been playing xbox since
pleasure forza motorsport 5 and here
two more races
I am very happy that people closed the brand
suffered at least on December
smaller races will be coming soon on
this is probably all video even dragged on
just two games are not some for me
collection editions I showed you everything
write in the comments that you more
like to fight a club or forza horizon 2
what can you choose them at all
compare with each other but immediately ask
to be a discussion did not develop into
the dispute is better than playstation 4 and xbox one
because it’s not the console that decides everything
the game that she did not come out and just two
races almost simultaneously you can
great compare on this probably all
thanks for watching subscribe
channel if you have not done this, write
comments put likes look
other videos well and see you all for now